2|The U.S. housing market will be in focus again Wednesday when KB Home reports quarterly earnings and weekly mortgage applications data is released.
3|Amazon launched a $2 billion venture capital fund Tuesday to invest in technologies and services aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions. Speaking to Yahoo Finance, Amazon’s Head of Worldwide Sustainability Kara Hurst said the move was yet another step to use the e-commerce giant’s 'scale for good' as it sets aggressive targets to become carbon neutral by 2040.  
3|With the addition of sleep tracking, the Apple Watch is now easily the best smartwatch money can buy.
1|Stock futures opened slightly lower Tuesday evening after another tech-led rally during the regular session.
2|In this episode of Yahoo Finance Presents, Kristin Myers speaks with Endeavor CMO, Bozoma Saint John, about racial inequality in the workplace and what businesses can do to help put an end to systemic racism.
2|Apple, Amazon, Alphabet and Tesla are slamming President Trump's decision to block many work visas through the end of the year.
2|David A. Correa, NYC Pride Interim Executive Director, joins The Final Round to talk about how Pride celebrations have gone virtual.
2|Barcelona’s Liceu Opera House was filled with 2,292 plants and serenaded with Giacomo Puccini’s “Chrysanthemum.”
2|Yahoo Finance's Rick Newman joins The Final Round to discuss Former President Barack Obama's plans to hold a virtual fundraiser for Joe Biden Tuesday night.
1|Although we see U.S. markets recovering, many believe the initial market rally had everything to do with the Fed intervention and not earnings. According to a recent Bank of America survey, 78% of respondents think the market is “overvalued”. WealthWise Financial President  Loreen Gilbert joins The Final Round panel to discuss why she believes the market’s recovery will be W-shaped.
3|China Beige Book CEO Leland Miller joins The Final Round to discuss the U.S.-China trade deal and what this means for the current administration going into election season.
2|Ethan Powell, CEO of Impact Shares, joined The Final Round to discuss socially responsible investing and the Impact Shares NAACP Minority Empowerment ETF.
3|Jay Bryson, Wells Fargo Chief Economist, joins The Final Round to discuss his outlook for the US economy and the time lines for reopening.
3|Rodger Baker, VP of Strategic Analysis at Stratfor, a RANE company, joins The Final Round to discuss where China and the U.S. stand in the trade deal.
1|On Tuesday, JPMorgan analyst Doug Anmuth reiterated an ‘overweight’ rating and $535 price target on shares of Netflix, as Apptopia data suggests the company’s daily active users (DAUs) and downloads remain elevated from pre-pandemic levels. The firm notes shows such as 13 Reasons Why, 365 DNI and Space Force have been among the most popular for the month of June. The Final Round panel discusses the bullish call.
2|Federated Hermes Client Portfolio Manager Jordan Stuart joins Akiko Fujita to weigh in on the 2020 IPO market.
3|The markets closed in the green after Tuesday’s trading session, with the ten of the eleven sectors posting gains as hopes for a coronavirus vaccine rose and U.S. - China trade fears diminished. The Final Round panel discusses the latest.
3|Stock extended gains Tuesday morning and the Nasdaq Composite hit a fresh record high as hopes for a coronavirus vaccine rose and U.S.-China trade fears dissipated.
3|According to ESPN, the MLB is targeting to return by July 24, hoping to start a 60-game season if health and safety conditions are met. Yahoo Finance’s Dan Roberts joins The Final Round panel to break down the details.
2|On Tuesday, Dr. Fauci and other health officials testified before the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee to discuss how the administration has been handling the coronavirus outbreak. Yahoo Finance’s Anjalee Khemlani breaks down the latest news about the coronavirus on The Final Round.
2|An iPhone shortcut can help you document the next time you get pulled over by the police.
3|Yahoo Finance’s Dan Howley joins Akiko Fujita to break down the latest features being added to the Apple Watch.
3|Amazon Chief Sustainability Officer Kara Hurst joins Yahoo Finance’s Akiko Fujita to discuss Amazon’s move to launch a $2 billion venture capital fund to invest in clean energy.
3|Yahoo Finance’s Emily McCormick joins Akiko Fujita to break down Cowen raising its price target on Peloton as the analyst calls the workout equipment company "uniquely well positioned."
3|Yahoo Finance’s Sibile Marcellus joins Akiko Fujita to discuss how tech companies like Amazon are responding to President Trump’s order to pause entry to certain foreign workers.
|The automaker unveiled the all new version of America’s top selling vehicle at an online event on Thursday night, claiming the new all F-150 is targeting the most “towing, payload, torque and horsepower of any light-duty full-size pickup,” all the while providing a completely new interior and technology package, updated exterior styling, and productivity tools like an integrated power generator, and tailgate that doubles as a workbench. 
|Angel Onuoha, CEO and Founder of BLK Capital Management, joins Yahoo Finance to discuss his firm's investment strategy and how it is helping create a talent pipeline for black students to enter finance.
|A group of 100 businesses is boycotting advertising with Facebook in the month of July. One of the organizers, the ADL, spoke to Yahoo Finance about why and what the group is after.
|Stock futures kicked off the overnight session slightly lower following an afternoon rally on Wall Street.
|Keenan Beasley, President of Venture Noire, joins Yahoo Finance to discuss the barriers to entry for under represented founders in gaining capital.
|LA Clippers Chairman Steve Ballmer joins 'Influencers with Andy Serwer' to weigh in on the return of the NBA season.
|Richard Kerby, Equal Ventures Partner, joins The Final Round to discuss his finding on racial inequality in investment firms and how firms can grow in the future to include more voices.
|Nike swung to a quarterly loss and posted fiscal fourth-quarter sales that dropped more than expected, as a slew of global store closures hit the athletic-wear maker’s results.
|Brian Belski, Chief Investment Strategist at BMO Capital, joins The Final Round to discuss the day's market action and the primary factors driving recent volatility.
|Yahoo Finance's Rick Newman joined The Final Round to discuss the latest news of out the Government Accountability Office that the IRS sent stimulus checks to over 1 million dead people.
|George Seay, Annandale Capital CEO, joined The Final Round to discuss his outlook for the market as states slowly begin to reopen.
|The markets closed in the green after Thursday’s trading session amid worries of escalating coronavirus cases. The financial sector was the big winner after regulators eased the Volcker rule on big banks. The Final Round panel discusses the latest.
|Nike reported fiscal 4Q results after market close Thursday.
|Dr. Robyn Gershon, NYU School of Global Public Health, joins The Final Round to discuss the resurgence of coronavirus cases and how states should be handling the threat of more cases and more hospitalizations.
|The Fed will bar big banks from increasing their dividend payments, following the central bank’s annual stress tests that included a “sensitivity” analysis incorporating the impact of the COVID-19 crisis.
|As coronavirus cases continue to surge in the U.S., Disney announced that it would not reopen Disneyland in California as scheduled, citing a lack of guidance from officials. Meanwhile, the entertainment giant is reportedly weighing the July 24 release date of ‘Mulan’ due to theater closures. The Final Round panel discusses the continued impact of coronavirus on Disney and the entertainment industry.
|Chris Konstantinos, RiverFront Investment Group's Chief Investment Strategist, joined The Final Round to give his take on the markets and his outlook for second quarter earnings.
|Stocks wavered between gains and losses Thursday after Texas said it was pausing its reopening process due to a renewed surge in Covid-19 infections in the state. Investors also monitored incoming economic data, with a new report showing stubbornly high levels of new unemployment claims.
|Beyond Meat’s shares fell on Thursday after McDonald’s acknowledged the end of its meatless burger trial in Canada. McDonald’s Corporation Yahoo Finance’s Heidi Chung joins The Final Round to break down the recent news surrounding McDonald’s and Beyond meat.
|On Thursday, shares of Spotify outperformed the broader market after getting a price target boost from Goldman Sachs, which raised its 12-month objective from $205 to $280. The firm thinks Spotify’s recent moves will pay off in the form of an increased global podcast audience, and an advancement of the development of Spotify’s audio advertising technology platform. The Final Round panel discusses the bullish call.
|Renaissance IPO ETF Manager Kathleen Smith joins Yahoo Finance's Akiko Fujita to discuss the latest IPO market expectations amid the coronavirus.
|Yahoo Finance’s Sibile Marcellus joins Akiko Fujita to discuss the latest outlook for Darden Restaurants.
|The parent company of Chuck E. Cheese has filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Yahoo Finance’s Sibile Marcellus joins Akiko Fujita to share the details.
|Texas Governor Abbott announced on Thursday that he would be pausing all plans to reopen the state as coronavirus cases and hospitalizations continue to rise in state. Yahoo Finance’s Anjalee Khemlani breaks down the latest news about the coronavirus on The Final Round.
|Nikkei 225 has increased by 0.94% or 209.39 points to 22,469.18 points
|As the COVID-19 crisis continues to take its toll on the U.S. economy, economists are expecting that consumption is rebounding but income falls further.
|Nike's (NKE) disappointing fourth-quarter results reflected the harsh COVID-19 reality facing most retail brands. However, the fundamentals of the Swoosh brand remain strong, with the company hanging its hat on numerous bright spots centered around its digital platforms. 